The first our package I want to show you is actually related to the router state.
Thus far we didn't really care about routing but you could argue that routing or changes in the route
awls are changes in the state of our application.
We switched a page.
And if that leads to us loading a special recipe we could argue that this is indeed a state change the
two below that recipe changed so therefore it would be convenient if it could simply get informed about
every state change.
If dead would emit an event and it turns out that we got a package we can use to listen to router restage
changes.
So let's quit DNG serve process and install that package.
Why install that as save.
And then the package name is at N-G or X slash router store.
Now this is a super simple package.
It's super simple to set up.
All we have to do is we have to go to our app Marchal once it is installed and now there we can add
it to our imports.
It's called store router connecting module and it needs to be imported from at or X router store.
So make sure to add this import to your app module and add this entry your to your imports.
Now here you don't need to call for root.
It should work just like that.
However to really see that it works I will show you another useful package.
Let's have a look at it in the next lecture.